python/README.md, before:

# ꟻLIP: A Tool for Visualizing and Communicating Errors in Rendered Images
By
[Pontus Andersson](https://research.nvidia.com/person/pontus-andersson),
[Jim Nilsson](https://research.nvidia.com/person/jim-nilsson),
and
[Tomas Akenine-Möller](https://research.nvidia.com/person/tomas-akenine-m%C3%B6ller),
with
[Magnus Oskarsson](https://www1.maths.lth.se/matematiklth/personal/magnuso/),
[Kalle Åström](https://www.maths.lu.se/staff/kalleastrom/),
[Mark D. Fairchild](https://www.rit.edu/directory/mdfpph-mark-fairchild),
and
[Peter Shirley](https://research.nvidia.com/person/peter-shirley).

This [repository](https://github.com/NVlabs/flip) holds implementations of the [LDR-ꟻLIP](https://research.nvidia.com/publication/2020-07_FLIP)
and [HDR-ꟻLIP](https://research.nvidia.com/publication/2021-05_HDR-FLIP) image error metrics in Python.
It also holds code for the ꟻLIP tool, to be presented in [Ray Tracing Gems II](https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/ray-tracing-gems-ii-available-august-4th/).

### License ###

Copyright © 2020-2021, NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved.

This work is made available under the [NVIDIA Source Code License](../LICENSE.txt).

For business inquiries, please contact researchinquiries@nvidia.com.

For press and other inquiries, please contact Hector Marinez at hmarinez@nvidia.com.

### Python (API and Tool) ###
- **Setup** (with Anaconda3):
  ```
  conda create -n flip python numpy matplotlib
  conda activate flip
  conda install -c conda-forge opencv
  conda install -c conda-forge openexr-python
  ```
- Remember to activate the `flip` environment through `conda activate flip` before using the tool.
- Usage: `python flip.py <reference.{exr|png}> <test.{exr|png}> [--options]`, where the list of options can be seen by `python flip.py -h`.
- Tested with Conda 4.10.0, Python 3.8.3, NumPy 1.19.0, OpenCV 4.0.1, and OpenEXR b1.3.2.
- The ꟻLIP tool is provided in `flip.py`, which also contains several tool-specific utility functions.
  The API is provided in `flip-api.py` and image loading/saving/manipulation functions in `data.py`.
  `tests.py` contains simple tests used to test whether code updates alter results.
- The naming convention used for HDR-ꟻLIP-related results is either
  1. `typeOfImage_X_to_Y`, where `typeOfImage` says
  what type of image it is (e.g., `hdrflip` or `exposure_map`),
  `X` is the start exposure and `Y` is the stop
  exposure (a p in front of `X` or `Y`
  implies plus and an m implies minus), or
  2. `typeOfImage.xxx.X_to_Y.exposure`, where `typeOfImage`,
  `X`, and `Y` are as in 1, `xxx` is an enumeration
  of the `N = ceil(max(2, (Y - X)))` exposures used to compute HDR-FLIP,
  and `exposure` indicates the exposure compensation factor used.

Commit message:

[Python] Update positional arguments
Instead of making the arguments for the
reference and test image positional,
the user is now required to mark which image
is the reference and which is the test using flags,
so that the start and stop exposure computations in HDR-FLIP
are always done using the reference image, as is intended

python/README.md, after:

# ꟻLIP: A Tool for Visualizing and Communicating Errors in Rendered Images
By
[Pontus Andersson](https://research.nvidia.com/person/pontus-andersson),
[Jim Nilsson](https://research.nvidia.com/person/jim-nilsson),
and
[Tomas Akenine-Möller](https://research.nvidia.com/person/tomas-akenine-m%C3%B6ller),
with
[Magnus Oskarsson](https://www1.maths.lth.se/matematiklth/personal/magnuso/),
[Kalle Åström](https://www.maths.lu.se/staff/kalleastrom/),
[Mark D. Fairchild](https://www.rit.edu/directory/mdfpph-mark-fairchild),
and
[Peter Shirley](https://research.nvidia.com/person/peter-shirley).

This [repository](https://github.com/NVlabs/flip) holds implementations of the [LDR-ꟻLIP](https://research.nvidia.com/publication/2020-07_FLIP)
and [HDR-ꟻLIP](https://research.nvidia.com/publication/2021-05_HDR-FLIP) image error metrics in Python.
It also holds code for the ꟻLIP tool, to be presented in [Ray Tracing Gems II](https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/ray-tracing-gems-ii-available-august-4th/).

### License ###

Copyright © 2020-2021, NVIDIA Corporation. All rights reserved.

This work is made available under the [NVIDIA Source Code License](../LICENSE.txt).

For business inquiries, please contact researchinquiries@nvidia.com.

For press and other inquiries, please contact Hector Marinez at hmarinez@nvidia.com.

### Python (API and Tool) ###
- **Setup** (with Anaconda3):
  ```
  conda create -n flip python numpy matplotlib
  conda activate flip
  conda install -c conda-forge opencv
  conda install -c conda-forge openexr-python
  ```
- Remember to activate the `flip` environment through `conda activate flip` before using the tool.
- Usage: `python flip.py --reference reference.{exr|png} --test test.{exr|png} [--options]`, where the list of options can be seen by `python flip.py -h`.
- Tested with Conda 4.10.0, Python 3.8.3, NumPy 1.19.0, OpenCV 4.0.1, and OpenEXR b1.3.2.
- The ꟻLIP tool is provided in `flip.py`, which also contains several tool-specific utility functions.
  The API is provided in `flip-api.py` and image loading/saving/manipulation functions in `data.py`.
  `tests.py` contains simple tests used to test whether code updates alter results.
- The naming convention used for HDR-ꟻLIP-related results is either
  1. `typeOfImage_X_to_Y`, where `typeOfImage` says
  what type of image it is (e.g., `hdrflip` or `exposure_map`),
  `X` is the start exposure and `Y` is the stop
  exposure (a p in front of `X` or `Y`
  implies plus and an m implies minus), or
  2. `typeOfImage.xxx.X_to_Y.exposure`, where `typeOfImage`,
  `X`, and `Y` are as in 1, `xxx` is an enumeration
  of the `N = ceil(max(2, (Y - X)))` exposures used to compute HDR-FLIP,
  and `exposure` indicates the exposure compensation factor used.
